Zhao Tian won a provincial championship
Are you amazing?
Mr. Yang won the championship at my age
I should still be entitled to be proud
Provincial champions are plentiful across the country
You're a fart
Look across the country
I'm not the best
But my IQ is higher than his grades
He has no strength
Why do you value him so much?
Why do the leaders value him so much?
He is indeed a poor student
But he's here today.
It's not about this identity
Two hundred and fifty kilograms
Parking distance 300kg
The total score is one hundred and fifty kilograms.
Breaking the world record
How is this world record possible?
That's right, all the leaders here today
company
They are all here for Lin Wenwen
His results in this screening competition
Won the first place in the country
Far ahead of the world
In the future Olympic Games
He will be a well-deserved world champion
That's impossible.
You are not allowed to applaud
No applause allowed.
No way I can't fucking mean this authority
I am the world champion.
Absolutely impossible
Absolutely impossible impossible